en: tidb cluster offline installation (#521)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/deploy-on-general-kubernetes.md

    >
    > It is recommended to organize configurations for a TiDB cluster under a directory of `cluster_name` and save it as `${cluster_name}/tidb-cluster.yaml`.

>     If the server does not have an external network, you need to download and upload the Docker image used by the TiDB cluster to the server on a machine with an external network, and then use `docker load` to install the Docker image on the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the server does not have an external network, you need to download the Docker image used by the TiDB cluster on a machine with Internet access and upload it to the server, and then use `docker load` to install the Docker image on the server.
```

>     Deploying a TiDB cluster will use the following Docker images (assuming the version of the TiDB cluster is v4.0.0):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To deploy a TiDB cluster, you need the following Docker images (assuming the version of the TiDB cluster is v4.0.0):
```

    ```shell
    pingcap/pd:v4.0.0
    pingcap/tikv:v4.0.0
    pingcap/tidb:v4.0.0
    pingcap/tidb-binlog:v4.0.0
    pingcap/ticdc:v4.0.0
    pingcap/tiflash:v4.0.0
    pingcap/tidb-monitor-reloader:v1.0.1
    pingcap/tidb-monitor-initializer:v4.0.0
    grafana/grafana:6.0.1
    prom/prometheus:v2.18.1
    busybox:1.26.2
    ```

>     Next download all these images with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Next, download all these images with the following command:
```
